hi guys it's me Jacqueline in today's
video I'm going to be doing my top 14
books of 2014 is your what by like that
I was just so busy this year this year
was such a hectic year I am going to be
doing a whole entire video talking about
like 2014 for me personally I think 2014
was a really interesting year I learned
a lot of things and I read a lot of
amazing books so I wanted to kind of
talk about my top 14 and before I
actually get started you can probably
tell i am really really sick so just
ignore my voice and if i just stop
talking and some bo-buds such probably
be trying to catch my breath oh god
let's get started for number 14 I have
these broken stars by n coffin and Megan
Spooner I read this well yeah I read
this in February it was kind of that
outer space thing that I wasn't really
into when reading why a books i don't
know why i never really liked that idea
but when i read this book i was so drawn
in i love the characters I love the plot
and I can't wait to read like the
companion series they have going on I
think the second book is already out it
starts with two different characters but
the same kind of universe which I'm
really really excited about but yes I
high Lee would recommend this book if
you in turn out of space thing with some
romance and i think i gave this a 4 to 5
stars4 number 13 I have ignite me by
tahereh mafi this was the last book in
the shatter me trilogy which I
absolutely loves shattered me I love
unravel be and that this book was such
an amazing conclusion to the series i
highly recommend this series it's so
beautifully written i think i gave this
a 4.5 out of 5 stars so i was really
really happy with the ending of this
series number 12 I have ignite by Lily
paratus I did a whole tour of you on
this book why believe down below I
absolutely loved it it was amazing I
gave it like a 4.5 and I just really was
surprised with how much I liked it I
connected with the character I thought
the character was very real but the
story was very plot driven and really
just enjoyed every second of it I can't
wait for more books by her for number 11
i have shadow abode by Leigh bardugo
which is an absolutely in crowd
a book I need to finish this series the
Grisha she reads the Grisha sheer sheer
ease oh my god the Grisha series because
I've heard fantastic things about that
series and I loved this book so I don't
know why I've just been really lazy and
I haven't really gotten to the second
and third book but I will soon because
this book was amazing highly highly
would recommend it number 10 I have the
summer I turned pretty chill G by Jenny
Han I absolutely loved this trilogy it
was such an amazing contemporary trilogy
and I never really read that many
contemporary trilogy so I loved that
this was actually really fun to read and
I didn't get bored I think it's such a
summer read but also you can read it any
time of the year so it is the summer I
turned pretty it's not summer without
you and then we'll always have summer so
like I said highly recommend it and I
gave all of these five out of five stars
number nine is another trilogy and it is
the under the never sky trilogy by
Veronica Rossi I absolutely love this
trilogy it is amazing i also have a book
review on this trilogy i believe and i
will leave that down below it's
incredible it is absolutely just so
unique you just get so invested into the
series I've never read anything like it
and it is just so well written I just I
can't say enough good things about this
trilogy next is also a trilogy series
but it's mostly like a companion series
it is the pushing limits series by katie
mcgarry i've only read the first three
and she actually has a fourth one I need
to get to that soon pushing the limits I
adored and then I knew I had to read the
other two because katie mcgarry just
writes contemporary so well these books
are so incredible so compelling highly
highly would recommend them if you're
looking for contemporaries I gave all of
these five out of five stars I forget
what number I am on but whatever this
number is I have fangirl by Rainbow
Rowell that is so hard to say when
you're congested but I'm amazing amazing
a temporary rebo travel just writes
contemporary so well I read land
eyes by her and absolutely loved it and
I want to read more by her I think
everybody knows about her and a lot of
people have talked about this book
because it is such an amazing book I
connected with a character I loved
reading the story and I just thought it
was so well written next I have kiss of
deception by mary e pearson oh my god
this was incredible like I wasn't
expecting it to be that good but I
freaking love this book it's supposed to
be a series I don't know when the next
book is supposed to come out but i can't
wait for it to come out because it's so
good it's such an amazing book and i'm
so happy i read it this year the next
book I have is find you in the dark by a
Meredith Walters I love this book so so
so much i love the sequel to this book
equally and the eighth about five out of
five stars this is my favorite book
contemporary wise for 2014 and i read
personally I was just so invested into
this storyline and the characters and
how much that the characters have and
just their relationship because even
though it was toxic it was still so
beautiful I would just highly recommend
this one and the sequel to it you have
to read them both to get the kind of
full effect the next book I have is in
the after light by Alexandra Bracken
love feels I absolutely love this
trilogy I cannot believe it's over I'm
pretty positive i talked about never
fade in my favorite 2013 books so the
fact that i had this one in this video
is really sentimental i absolutely love
alexandra bracken i can't wait for her
to come out with new things I will
always support her because I think she's
such an amazing author this is one of my
favorite trilogies of all time and I
just can't believe it's over it was such
an amazing third book it wrapped up the
series perfectly and I love Ruby as a
female main character so I will forever
miss her but I will definitely reread
this trilogy someday because it's just
such an amazing trilogy nice book i have
is opposition by Jennifer L Armentrout I
absolutely love this series and I cannot
believe it's over is
the fifth and final book and Jennifer
our chart was one of my favorite authors
I've talked about this Luxius one of my
favorite series it's about aliens if you
haven't read it what are you doing it's
amazing i would highly recommend it it's
funny it's so driving and you just get
so invested to this story so invested
into the characters and this book was
just such an amazing final book in the
series around of the series perfectly
and I'm just so happy with the series
overall final book I have which is my
favorite book of 2014 is city of
heavenly fire by Cassandra Clare oh my
god what an amazing book 700 glorious
pages it's such an amazing final book in
the series I love this series The Mortal
Instruments one my favorite series hey
sender clarify my favorite authors I
just loved this book and I will not get
over it like I was just thinking about
the other day I was like ah that was
such a good book because it is such an
amazing book I think this is what I
Cassandra Clare's best books her best
writing and I just I can't believe the
series is over I can't wait for her new
series so those were my top 14 books of
2014 I hope you guys enjoyed this video
and I will see you in my next one bye